it is as naive as the Milan wastes
of the mission of the same ancelotti
it is not the bright one of the first phase
of the season above all it concedes a lot
too much for the ambitions of a squadron
what is the Rossoneri one
the parma that remains without victory
external in this league has
built more chances for goals than Milan
but leaves the gap with the certainty of
having lost a great chance a parma
that plays well but needs to grow
very much in terms of concreteness and
of maturity we go to see the
salient images mounted by donald
counts it starts with a minute of
recollection in memory of the great
big slap spontaneous applause
also suggest naturally
elements of the parma at the third minute
ferrari has contact with ambrosini
remains on the ground mutu continues gives
a look at central decides anyway
to cross life intervention but i
Milan players take it out on
mutu in particular and nesta
see bloody ferrari explaining
will remain in the field meanwhile mutu
throws a party in position
regular and the capacity with the dress
thus begins the prandelli show on the
bread bench rui costa goes looking
kaladze popping up behind defense
of the parma while inzaghi that ed
needlessly a penalty kick for one
alleged withholding by exile
then nesta after a contrast with nakata
accuses a muscular discomfort comes
replaced by costa piste and dida
if it is said in a great flick of the back
well- aimed nakata header
super parade of the Brazilian goalkeeper him
costa frees itself well but the right ne
fucks doctors or then Filipinos ideas
adriano that forced by dorica
reach out on coast whip pressure
and puts out adriano experiences the
malice of Maldini without malice but
slap in the face adriano watching the
first assistant and electric then
revolt after a wrong move from
part of ferrari ferrari that needs
of assistance from a doctor and
massager to buffer the wound of
seedorf assists astonishing x and xi mice ma
there is an offside report
wrong on the part of content there were
three elements of the parma they held in
regular and shinichi position we are on
finish first half then helveg
from the beginning of the recovery instead of
shinichi initial beats
of the recovery
and there is this lightness on the part of
baron the referee bertini
he is quite sure of his decision
we actually see distinct with the
left arm touches the ball with
just baron intentionally and then the
transformation by pirlo that
displaces frey
milan in the lead we believe with the net
camera the micro-camera inside the door
baron a certain trend the most
dangerous in the attack phase for the
parma always at the height of
situation
life thinks again of prandelli then
answer goes to look for inzaghi is a bit
late bonera or run down to the area
for the referee it is neither penalty nor yellow for
simulation seville look inside
the Philippine Kaladze area coordinates
very well and find the equalizer goal on
Milan did not concede goals in home matches of
championship from 679 minutes and the last era
was marked by dubai and then at the
parma mute punishment printed the intersection
of poles
prandelli is always very composed and then
the second penalty kick didn't have
hesitation even this time to bertini who
saw a tie of bonera and damage
of ambrosini
with the right arm bonera around the
ambrosini neck going down
and the referee tells the player go
quiet go quiet it was still there
from the pirlo disk this time it changes
solution but does not change the substance between
he senses but to no avail
appear inexorably from the diskette enter
in the meantime, in marching instead of
baron but ambrosini hits the post up
kaladze cross
you know that you look at the wound on
gilardino knee to the great chance
gerardino entered the place of silvia
still poor parma bench with the
outbursts of prandelli
we succeed the Australian goes to look
gilardino good the screwing moreover and
the match and irregular position e
gilardino which however is to put with
great emotion of final double exchange
it is the old revolt that widens the
left plate then asks the third
the Milan penalty with his own
Filipino intervention this time
the referee disagrees conclusion of
lamouchi does not hold and dida not
He stops his momentum mutu ground
from the bona entered the seedorf place
mutu is a player of Milan on the ground
continues and again this time is resumed
by milan players light up a
little spirits
it is still said in the Lamouchi intervention
much better that you stay away
fifth minute of mutual recovery
Brescia failed to break even
in the recovery area to learn does not remain
that bitter smile and so many
regrets
maffei line thanks